---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: 沪JS 2012, International JavaScript event in Shanghai from September
  14th to 16th.<!--:--><!--:zh-->沪JS 2012, 国际JavaScript议会在上海，9月14日到16日<!--:-->
author:
  display_name: Lio李欧
  login: lionello
  email: lio@lunesu.com
  url: http://lunesu.com/
author_login: lionello
author_email: lio@lunesu.com
author_url: http://lunesu.com/
wordpress_id: 3810
wordpress_url: http://xinchejian.com/?p=3810
date: '2012-09-02 11:40:30 +0800'
date_gmt: '2012-09-02 03:40:30 +0800'
categories:
- Uncategorized
tags:
- node.js
comments:
- id: 5534
  author: 可肤冰肌白
  author_email: 0uk0qg@126.com
  author_url: http://kfbjbxgzmy.sinaapp.com
  date: '2012-09-02 23:43:17 +0800'
  date_gmt: '2012-09-02 15:43:17 +0800'
  content: 加油!博主!
---
<p><!--:en-->On September 14 to 16th JavaScript developers are converging in Shanghai for a new JavaScript event, <a title="沪JS" href="http://hujs.org">HuJS</a>. The event will feature two solid days of international and local speakers giving hardcore sessions on both client and server JavaScript development. The event will feature a mix notable international and local JavaScript experts. The hope is the event will help build bridges between the international and local community and will help further establish JavaScript development in China.</p>
<p>The main event will be held at the Knowledge and Innovation center in the YangPu district with a Hackathon in 2 locations including KIC and People Squared Yanping Attic in Jing&rsquo;an.<!--:--><!--:zh-->
<p>On September 14 to 16th JavaScript developers are converging in Shanghai for a new JavaScript event, HuJS (http://hujs.org). The event will feature two solid days of international and local speakers giving hardcore sessions on both client and server JavaScript development. The event will feature a mix notable international and local JavaScript experts. The hope is the event will help build bridges between the international and local community and will help further establish JavaScript development in China.</p></p>
<p>The main event will be held at the  Knowledge and Innovation center in the YangPu district with a Hackathon in 2 locations including KIC and People Squared Yanping Attic in Jing&rsquo;an.</p></p>
<p>HuJS is a grass roots effort organized by folks from  Microsoft, AppFog,  TaoBao and the CNode community. It is has a list of sponsors both in China and abroad.</p></p>
<p>If you are interested in sponsoring HuJS please contact me at glenn.block@gmail.com.</p><br />
<!--:--></p>
